README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/t/subhamay-bhattacharyya-gha/github-action-template)&nbsp;![](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/subhamay-bhattacharyya-gha/github-action-template)&nbsp;![](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/subhamay-bhattacharyya-gha/github-action-template)&nbsp;![](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/subhamay-bhattacharyya-gha/github-action-template)&nbsp;![](https://img.shields.io/github/directory-file-count/subhamay-bhattacharyya-gha/github-action-template)&nbsp;![](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/subhamay-bhattacharyya-gha/github-action-template)&nbsp;![](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/subhamay-bhattacharyya-gha/github-action-template)&nbsp;![](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/subhamay-bhattacharyya-gha/github-action-template)&nbsp;![](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://gist.githubusercontent.com/bsubhamay/06e35985280456b113298ed56c626e73/raw/github-action-template.json?)

# GitHub Template Repository - Composite Action

A Template GitHub Repository to be used to create a composite action.

# Action Name

**Action Description**

This GitHub Action provides a reusable composite workflow that sets up Python and interacts with the GitHub API to post a comment on an issue, including a link to a created branch.

---

## Inputs

| Name           | Description         | Required | Default        |
|----------------|---------------------|----------|----------------|
| `input-1`      | Input description.  | No       | `default-value`|
| `input-2`      | Input description.  | No       | `default-value`|
| `input-3`      | Input description.  | No       | `default-value`|
| `github-token` | GitHub token. Used for API authentication. | Yes | — |

---

## Example Usage

```yaml
name: Example Workflow

on:
  issues:
    types: [opened]

jobs:
  example:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Checkout
        uses: actions/checkout@v4

      - name: Run Custom Action
        uses: your-org/your-action-repo@v1
        with:
          github-token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
          input-1: your-value
          input-2: another-value
          input-3: something-else
```

## License

MIT

Commit message:

SB-0001: Initial commit
- Added a reusable CloudFormation CI workflow in `.github/workflows/ci.yaml`.
- Removed outdated npm configuration from `.github/dependabot.yaml`.
- Updated links in `CONTRIBUTING.md` for issue tracking.
- Enhanced `CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md` with additional standards.
- Revised `README.md` for clarity and updated badge links.
- Deleted obsolete `action.yaml` file.

README.md, after:

# GitHub Reusable CI Workflow using CloudFormation

![Commit Activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/t/subhamay-bhattacharyya-gha/cfn-ci-reusable-wf)&nbsp;![Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/subhamay-bhattacharyya-gha/cfn-ci-reusable-wf)&nbsp;![Release Date](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/subhamay-bhattacharyya-gha/cfn-ci-reusable-wf)&nbsp;![Repo Size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/subhamay-bhattacharyya-gha/cfn-ci-reusable-wf)&nbsp;![File Count](https://img.shields.io/github/directory-file-count/subhamay-bhattacharyya-gha/cfn-ci-reusable-wf)&nbsp;![Open Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/subhamay-bhattacharyya-gha/cfn-ci-reusable-wf)&nbsp;![Top Language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/subhamay-bhattacharyya-gha/cfn-ci-reusable-wf)&nbsp;![Monthly Commit Activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/subhamay-bhattacharyya-gha/cfn-ci-reusable-wf)&nbsp;![Custom Endpoint](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://gist.githubusercontent.com/bsubhamay/137270a1d412786fd1bae6d4f1a32e9b/raw/cfn-ci-reusable-wf.json?)

## Reusable CI Workflow for CloudFormation

This GitHub Action provides a reusable composite workflow that simplifies CI processes for CloudFormation templates. It includes steps to validate, lint, and deploy CloudFormation stacks, as well as interact with the GitHub API for enhanced automation.

---

## Inputs

| Name                | Description                                                                 | Required | Default        |
|---------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|----------------|
| `aws-role-arn`      | ARN of the AWS IAM role to assume for deploying the stack.                  | Yes      | —              |
| `aws-region`        | AWS region where the stack will be deployed.                                | No       | `us-east-1`    |
| `cfn-template-file` | Path to the CloudFormation template file to be validated and deployed.      | Yes      | —              |
| `cfn-params-file`   | Path to the JSON file containing CloudFormation stack parameters.           | Yes      | —              |
| `snyk-token`        | Snyk token for security scanning integration.                               | No       | —              |

---

## Example Usage

```yaml
name: CloudFormation Build
run-name: Build run by ${{ github.actor }} on ${{ github.ref_name }}

on:
  workflow_dispatch:

env:
  AWS_ROLE_ARN: ${{ vars.AWS_ROLE_ARN }}
  AWS_REGION: ${{ vars.AWS_REGION }}

jobs:
  ci-build:
    uses: subhamay-bhattacharyya-gha/cfn-ci-reusable-wf/.github/workflows/ci.yaml@main
    environment: ci
    with:
      aws-role-arn: ${{ env.AWS_ROLE_ARN }}
      aws-region: ${{ env.AWS_REGION }}
      cfn-template-file: root-stack-template.yaml
      cfn-params-file: ./cfn/params/cfn-parameters.json
      snyk-token: ${{ secrets.SNYK_TOKEN }}

```

## License

MIT
